TITLE: Dichotomy, Multichotomy and Ordered Multichotomy
TOPIC: Human Nature
ZIPFILE: render.zip


TOOLS USED: 

 
  WebGL 2.0
  Javascript


RENDER TIME: 

  
  Negligible 

  Note: The render changes every 2 seconds for 2 times after running. 


DESCRIPTION OF HOW THIS IMAGE WAS CREATED: 


    For our CG project of flight simulator, I was exploring methods of using random or noise functions
    for creating 3D terrains. I came across Perlin noise - a very common noise function. I played around 
    with it and eventually managed to create a terrain. I played further with ways of coloring the vertices.
    The initial view of the render with green and red dichotomy made me depict it as good and bad. Then by further 
    playing around with it, I got the second view of the render - an array of shuffled colors. The third view
    was intentionally programmed by me through color sorting methods. To summarize, the render started with
    a Perlin noise generated 3D terrain which was then transformed in terms of colors. The colors were changed
    in two ways - shuffling/randomizing and by sorting color wise based on hue, saturation and luminosity. 


IMAGE DESCRIPTION: 


    The render, I believe, is a very good depiction of human nature and rationale. When we are born, things are so black and white (or red and green). Either 
    an act is good or it is bad - no in between. While a simple view, it is never retained for long. As we 
    grow up, our rationale and nature is corrupted by all sorts of things - making it ever so difficult for us
    to remain ourselves and to decide what is good and what is bad. When I said earlier, the third view was 
    intentional, that was not just for the render. The third view, the ordered multichotomy has to be intentional
    for an individual - to order all the hues your rationale has been corrupted with and to have a perspective
    that analayses things step by step, color by color in order to reach the conclusion. That is what life is - 
    figuring out our array of shades into ordered traces of colors and figuring our array of traits into ordered 
    acts. 



CITATIONS:


    Perlin: https://github.com/josephg/noisejs/blob/master/perlin.js
    Color Sorting: https://coderedirect.com/questions/326249/javascript-sort-rgb-values